Several documentation fixes (#5987)
containous/traefik: docs/content/routing/services/index.md

This strategy is only available to load balance between [services](./index.md) and not between [servers](./index.md#servers).

!!! info "Supported Providers"

>     This strategy can be defined only with [File](../../providers/file.md) or [IngressRoute](../../providers/kubernetes-crd.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This strategy can be defined currently with the [File](../../providers/file.md) or [IngressRoute](../../providers/kubernetes-crd.md) providers.
```

Reviewer: I assume we will want to implement/improve in the future :)
